Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today's Friday, February the
27th, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report. Charts by Trendpider and Gamma
Flows by Manthther Q. My name is Anie
Band and we begin the day looking at the
E- Mini S&P.
I did draw a box around the first 30
minute candlestick because it's range is
fairly wide. I don't need an hour. And
as a matter of fact, for 1 2 3 4 five 6
hours, it stayed in this 30 minute
range.
So what are we staring down? Essentially
inventory is flat. I think traders are
really waiting to see what comes out of
Iran.
Certainly they are not going to back
down. We've delivered them some kind of
ultimatum.
I'm pretty sure some things are going to
fly but um and by fly I mean
things with weaponry. Uh so we're
sitting in a space where we have a
little bit of uncertainty
but hopeful that things can be resolved
quickly. So, what are the broad markets
doing? We are inside of yesterday's
range. Yesterday, I said, listen, it's
bullish. We had an arrow pointing up
this way. And I said, here is our go
no-go line. And we used it as the low of
the pre-market.
And indeed, the sellers really took off
right at the beginning, but it still was
a dip buying formation. Notice the
problem. If I measure the wave
from peak to trough, we can see we
kissed that 50%
range from high to low in terms of the
give back. And so the wave that we're
looking to resolve between is the area
either above 6926 where the buyers
really try to step it up or below 6870
where the sellers take over. In the
midst of that, we've got some noise.
What is trend? Well, if we're looking at
just the moving averages in the
overnight, they're relatively flat. If
we compare it to the low of yesterday,
we can see that buyers are trying to
come in, but there's a lot of supply
above us. And if we look above, we've
got lower highs, not in a trend, but in
a jagged sideways formation. You can see
that in terms of the momentum, the RSI
is sideways. The stochastic RSI is up
from above, down from below. That tells
us the same thing. Steep dips going to
be buys.
Big spikes going to be sells.
Your job is to wait around and allow the
market to deliver what we're looking
for. A lot of times when I'm on Topstep
TV or I'm talking inside of um the group
coaching events, inside of the Topstep
Discord, any place like that, you'll
hear me talk about structure.
Structure is a space where inventory
begins to be collected.
Higher highs get made, higher lows get
made. Other than that price action will
not hold in the direction of trend. We
have to wait for structure. So what's
happening right now? We opened up Europe
and have sold off through the opening of
Europe. I expect the first test to be at
around this 6880. We've had a lot of
price action try to hold that zone of
support.
Let's see if it does it today. Could you
say, "Hey, I want to buy here." You
could. The RSI is not in steep
uh negative trending formation. The VWAP
is flat. You could do it. You'd want to
have your stop pretty tight or have a
position so small that it allows you 10
points or more of risk to come back into
the edge. But my thought is if you're
thinking about putting 10 points of risk
on, why not just wait until it gets down
there or divide it in half and see if
you can get it somewhere midstream
rather than taking all 10 points.
That being said, the past two times
they've come into 6880, it's been a buy
zone. Okay. So, what's the flavor of the
day? Who knows? All I know is if I lose
6880, it's very likely that I step into
6870.
If I lose 6870,
it's very likely that I get into 6850.
Those are the lines that I am staring
down today.
And I am going to look for the edges.
participating in the middle here is not
pretty, particularly because it's
building some sort of megaphone, right?
That's what we need to watch out for.
Let's take a look at the NQ.
Let's measure that wave.
Let's see how that wave measures if we
did the same. It doesn't look like we
did the same. Looks like we missed it.
We did. 50% is all the way up here at
25,178.
Could we get to 25,000 again? Yes. Um
Dakota put on a trade last night
that uh he was going to hold out for
that 25,000. It was a trade of beauty.
Held right into the edge of congestion.
really beautiful trade.
So, I'm guessing that he's stopped out
at that, but he had pretty big size
there. He was slinging pretty big size.
So, that was
a very nice trade. What are we staring
down today? Same sort of thing. We've
got lower highs
and higher lows. Momentum sideways or
moving in both directions.
opening range formation still caught in
it still in the afternoon pattern of
yesterday. So inside pressure the go
nogo line for the buyers pre-market low
same thought 24,955
is that line in the sand could they try
to buy break it and then buy it
absolutely absolutely I would say
because this is so jagged let it break
and then recover and see if you can take
it back into the initial area. If we
fade, we've got two boxes to the
downside taking us into 24,785.
Breaking to the upside, we've got that
50% range at 25,178
and 25,266.
So that's what we're staring down in the
NQ. Let's take a look at Micro Bitcoin.
Everybody's making Jane Street the bad
the big bad wolf. Um
I don't know if you've read the stories
there, but here's the thing. Everybody's
playing the same game. It's just easy to
poke a finger at Jane Street. There are
guys on
a ton of other hedge funds that are
like, "Whoa, I'm really glad they're not
looking at us." So, trust me, they're
all doing it. It's awful. Um,
the love of money is the root of all
evil. It's not not money, but the love
of it. Okay. So, as we sit here,
if we look at Micro Bitcoin, 30 minute
opening range, we stayed in there
literally
all day until 9:30. Today, the range is
much tighter and we are essentially
inside of yesterday's box. Our opening
ticker,
our opening tick is almost at the base
of the prior days
opening range. And so I just left that
line in the sand forced watch. And as
you can see, we are in that same channel
event. Where's the go no-go line? Buyers
have got to defend 66,675.
If they lose it and recover, we've got
to move back up to the top of the box.
If they lose it and they look below
and then go,
the failure to stay in the box is going
to give us the downside pressure event
into 65,660
and then 64,800
and 64,200.
We've got upside pressure here
um from a trend perspective, but we're
still making lower highs. So, it's very
messy. Momentum is slightly bearish, but
it's still in a dip buying formation
because we are making higher lows. And
so, this sideways event here, you can
see buyers trying to get involved there.
Buying the dip may be a little rough.
Maybe you could try it at 66,250.
Or you simply wait until it comes back
into the range and begins to build
structure like we see yesterday between
the 12 and 1:30 candles Eastern time.
Top of the range still 70,000. Traders
still not able to stay above that line.
All right, let's look at oil.
Oil is definitely sitting in a
geopolitical risk formation. Let's go to
the 4our. Take a look at this.
We have a big wave from
trough to peak here. And then
the most recent wave I am measuring is
this one from peak at 6730ish
to trough at 6360ish.
Are we above the 50% range? Yes. What
does that essentially tell us? That
we're likely to head back to the top of
the box. This is a flag pattern. We've
broken out of the flag. If we go to the
30inut chart, we can clearly see we're
in a dip buying formation, but we are
extended. And the last time we did that,
we began to build structure that gave us
a topping formation. Is this something
to watch? Yes, absolutely.
Could it be a fade here? Yes,
absolutely. But what does the fade tell
us that we need to look for? The fade
tells us, hey, we need to look for a
floor of support where the traders can
buy again. So if we had used that
playbook yesterday,
we can see that it broke through the
floor, which was that $65.30
area I was talking about. It broke it
hard in the pre-market.
accelerated straight up through it and
then came over and now is sitting in
this big box. What is my supposition?
That this area that began
with this 30 minute candlestick right
here at 2:30, I think that's about the
close is the candlestick that everybody
is measuring by at this juncture.
That's the top of the range. People are
going to try and sell it.
If it moves up again,
it'll move up into
this gamma line just above all of this
supply
6760.
Okay. Then if it moves down, we've got
lots of demand sitting at 6415.
the go no-go line. If you say, "Hey,
listen. I want to go long at 6530,
you've got about 40 cents of risk. So, I
would wait for it to break down, build
some structure here, and then give you
to run to the upside." Breakaway is
fairly likely with this kind of
momentum. So any kind of minor dips
particularly into 6620 or so gives us a
buy zone.
That's our first buy zone event. Deeper
structures going to give us more
opportunity for upside. But when we get
into the middle of the range, there's
always a little give and take in terms
of profit formations.
To me, this looks like a breakout
pattern. Very quickly, we're going to
look at silver.
The silver formations are still very
rangebound.
92 is the top of the formation. 8550
bottom of the formation. Trend is up.
Momentum is mixed.
So, what do we have here? We got a box
literally of sideways pressure, but our
30 minute candlestick really has held
the pressure event. So, let's see if we
clone it up.
That's now support
breaking above resistance.
It's always tough when the edges are
that small, but it's a measured move.
You could see it coming right into the
space of the measure,
potentially coming into 92. However,
momentum is starting to drift. So, we
could have an exhaustion to the upside
and then a fade. A lot of weird things
going on in the metals, particularly in
silver right now. The nogo line, the go
no-go line for buyers, I suspect, is 89
60. If we stay above that line,
pullbacks into that line, pushing to the
upside, the break of that line will take
us down into the man structures that sit
around $88.
Let's take a look at gold. We're in
rollover.
Take a peek. Let's look at a 4our chart
first. So, our 4hour chart shows still
not a solid trend, but for the last 1 2
3, this is the fourth day. We really are
sitting inside of a range. This is the
third day of the range that was
established on February 24th, which was
Wednesday. And everything with the
exception of a couple of wicks,
is sitting inside of the candlestick
created at 6:00 on February the 23rd.
So, this is
sideways noise for sure.
In the tighter framework, we can also
see that. Look at how tight value area
high low is. Look at this compression.
It's very tight, but you can see that
the contract is rolling. And so, we've
got ourselves a little bit of a messy
formation. dips still clearly buys
moving averages sideways momentum
down for the stochastic RSI flat for the
RSI dips or buys in this space. The go
no-go line,
I suspect it's 5175,5175.
And then the breakaway is 5218.
Take a look at this. If you're thinking
to yourself, well, gosh, can't I trade
something right now? You can look at
this box
here and I'll
um I'll change the color to be a little
bit brighter so that you can see that
that box right there could give you a
very interesting
buy sell zone. You can clearly see it's
tweezer tops up here.
and
they are testing the bottom of that 5182
and then moving up into the boxes.
They're getting ready for some kind of
move. But this is the heaviest
congestion that we see right there.
Is that this one?
Whichever. Okay, let's go finally to
spy.
We have a breakthrough event of 690.
Um, we don't have the early morning
candlestick formations, but we know
they're probably a little bit sideways.
Above us
694,
below us 684. Got a 10point spread in
the charts. That's super messy.
My thought would be,
wow,
this feels like a no-fly zone to me.
Except on the edges. Except on the
edges. We've got a very wide value area
high low. The value area high low is
almost 20 points wide. And so we want to
be careful about that in spy. Notice the
heavy congestion from Friday, Wednesday,
Monday. We're actually sitting in the
same area that we were sitting in on
Monday. So,
and
Thursday of last week. So, we are very
rangebound,
incredibly rangebound.
Big spikes likely to sell.
uh big fades likely to buy. Watch the
edges
and then take the trade, watching your
risk. Take it small into there and you
can add as it moves up if you're trading
a swing formation. All right, folks.
That's it for me. I'll see you on the
streams.